Terms of Service

Welcome! By using tradeusedbooks.com services you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (the "Terms of Service").

Privacy Policy

Tradeusedbooks.com respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use its services. Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party, as explained in this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy").

All users

Tradeusedbooks.com does not collect any unique information about you except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information (such as your email address, possible username and password, etc.). However, tradeusedbooks.com reserves the right to note and in some cases save information such as time of day, browser type, browser language, and IP address with each query. This information is used to verify our records and to provide a better and a more secure environment for our visitors. 

Non-commercial Users

We reserve the right to share your contact information (email address) with other users in order to accommodate the purpose of our site. However, your contact information (email address) will only be shared in the event that you yourself participate in the "BUY" service ("BUY" service refers to the buy button located on the "book" page). Further, no information about you is disclosed to anyone other than the owner of the posted book. 

Bookstore Users

In case of bookstores registered on tradeusedbooks.com we reserve the right to share all the information supplied (except for tradeusedbooks.com authentication related records) with other users on tradeusedbooks.com - this is done to accommodate the purpose of bookstore section on tradeusedbooks.com.

Personal Use Only

tradeusedbooks.com provides services that are made available for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not use these services to sell a product (unless it is done through tradeusedbooks.com services directly) or service, or to increase traffic to your Web site for commercial reasons, such as advertising sales. You may not take the results from tradeusedbooks.com and reformat and display them, or mirror tradeusedbooks.com home page or results pages on your Web site. If you want to make commercial use of the previously mentioned services, you must enter into an agreement with tradeusedbooks.com to do so in advance. This agreement with limits specified by our services can be done through bookstore registration. Once registered and approved through bookstore registration, the bookstore (the user registered) is bound by the same limits as a any other tradeusedbooks.com user with the exception of the following:

bookstore's supplied information can be shared 
bookstore may use tradeusedbooks.com services for limited commercial use that does not contradict with trradeusedbooks.com policy or services 
 No Automated Querying

You may not send automated queries of any sort to tradeusedbooks.com's system without express permission in advance from tradeusedbooks.com. Note that "sending automated queries" includes, among other things: 

using any software or a script for a repeated querying or form submission 
using previously mentioned technologies to read email addresses or any other information of tradeusedbooks.com users 
reading personal information of tradeusedbooks.com registered users 
3rd party's use of personal information

As tradeusedbooks.com respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use its services we reserve the right to prosecute anyone or a group of people for misuse of the following, among other things: using personal information from tradeusedbooks.com for both commercial and non-commercial interests, using contact information of tradeusedbooks.com registered users for any reasons other than as a use of our services mentioned above.

Changes in "Terms of Service"

Tradeusedbooks.com may modify or terminate its services from time to time, for any reason, and without notice, including the right to terminate with or without notice, without liability to you, any other user or any third party. We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Service from time to time without notice. Please review these Terms of Service from time to time so that you will be informed of any changes.

Disclaimer of Warranties

tradeusedbooks.com disclaims any and all responsibility or liability for the accuracy, content, completeness, legality, reliability, or operability or availability of information or material displayed in the tradeusedbooks.com services results. tradeusedbooks.com disclaims any responsibility for the deletion, failure to store, misdelivery, or untimely delivery of any information or material. tradeusedbooks.com disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from downloading or accessing any information or material on the Internet through the tradeusedbooks.com services. 

Limitation of Liability

Under no circumstances shall tradeusedbooks.com be liable to any user on account of that user's use or misuse of or reliance on the tradeusedbooks.com services. Such limitation of liability shall apply whether the damages arise from use or misuse of and reliance on the tradeusedbooks.com services, from inability to use the tradeusedbooks.com services, or from the interruption, suspension, or termination of the tradeusedbooks.com services (including such damages incurred by third parties). This limitation shall also apply with respect to damages incurred by reason of other services or goods received through or advertised on the tradeusedbooks.com site (including but not limited to links). This limitation shall also apply, without limitation, to the costs of lost profits or lost data. Such limitation shall further apply with respect to the performance or non-performance of the tradeusedbooks.com services or any information or merchandise that appears on, or is linked or related in any way to, the tradeusedbooks.com site. Without limiting the following, under no circumstances shall tradeusedbooks.com be held liable for any delay or failure in performance resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature or causes beyond its reasonable control. 

Miscellaneous Provisions

These Terms of Service will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual state or country of residence. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision or portion of the Terms of Service to be unenforceable, the remainder of the Terms of Service will continue in full force and effect. 

 

These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by an official of tradeusedbooks.com.